everybody welcome ignorant land please
the binding of issac after birth plus I
got eight wins in a row but this one's
going to be weird you know why because
we're going to do our last achievement
uh Big Ups to whoever tweeted me this
you know who you are but I've forgotten
your alias and that is catalyst of me
and I apologize but I was like why am I
missing eleven achievements an Isaac and
then many people were like verify
integrity of steam cash I tried it
didn't work still a good suggestion
usually one of the things that sorts
things out I'm not saying it's bad
suggestion but after a lot of like back
and forth comments up people were like
or some one person in particular was
like go to your secrets page sometimes
achievements get locked and they only
unlock if you go to the secrets page I
went to the secrets page nine
achievements popped up and all of a
sudden I've only got two left one of
them must be a million in 1% and the
other one is the one that we're going to
do today
it's the rerun achievement okay I
thought I had already done this but
apparently not the rerun achievement is
do three full runs of Isaac going to the
lam and start your fourth run you know
it gives you the opportunity to do
victory laps and I'm sure we have to do
three runs or if we have to do three
victory laps let me check complete three
victory laps and start a fourth so it's
going to be madness it's probably going
to take us a while but I got some time
so I'll get out of here Thank You Isaac
wiki but I don't want to accidentally
blast my viewers with an ad for a mobile
game unless they got one when they
started this video in which case thank
you guys for watching I hope you enjoy
you know okay yeah so what's the plan
for this episode is very simple we're
gonna do three victory lap so that
requires us going to I've really screwed
our deal with the devil chances here but
nice after you screw them you can't
really screw them much more than that
Kenya don't touch this guy because he's
going to be a jerk algae's algid algae's
could be algae's de gods also great but
algae's is the big one because we can
use the temperance card with it but
let's see sad Dom's I'm in so basically
it
it's a pretty obvious way to handle a
run we basically just have to deal okay
stop taking so much damage is a good one
we have to deal with the run as we would
deal with a normal run to be honest with
you we want this a great deal
yeah even more than no wait check this
out
pop temperance get a penny when you get
hit then grab bloody penny take
swallowed penny oh we shouldn't pick
that up that's fine we should wait for
the trinket to metabolize every time as
annoying as it might seem but it should
actually work if you give me a minute
here do that sorry for the freight it
actually is like as soon as I start
recording an episode the Skype messages
come flooding in I'm not against it it's
nice to get by with a little help from
your friends but still we probably have
not created an endless ability for us to
play this I think we may be gotten a
little on the lucky side so far but it's
working out nicely and I can't deny that
whatsoever I got to turn this down
though it's a little loud in my ear
basically you'll forgive me for not
worrying too much about how much time
this is going to take because
effectively this episode could take like
an hour and a half to begin with and an
hour and a half might actually be a very
sensible amount of time for it to take
so we obviously want to not die here I'm
just hoping that maybe ever-so-slightly
we've redeemed ourselves for the
absolutely awful damage that I took
earlier on this one we don't need to
wait for the the trinkets to take hold
in tanked yeah now swallow pennies
probably worth it gives us effectively
like a greater than 50% extra bonus
chance for us to glean the ability to
continue but I'm really just holding out
hope for blood bag if you refuses to
present itself and truth be told blood
bag is not the be-all end-all I mean if
the the best thing that could happen is
blood bag drops right now so I don't
lose my sanity the second best thing
that could happen is that blood bag
takes until I get 99 cents to drop but
this is approaching madness mind you we
might not be hurting for money for quite
some time okay you know what
Skype coroner apparently it's just a
bunch of just a bunch of pictures a
hollow night
oh it's Nick drew them I mean they're
gorgeous drawings I thought it was just
actually a screenshot of hollow night
that got posted there and I'm like I
don't I can't escape a hollow night
wherever I go so this is the actual
worst start in terms of my play and then
also most boring start to an isaac run
ever literally like three minutes of me
playing this blood bank but look it's
the right play and that's what bothers
me this is actually where incentivized
to do this I think I'm just going to
leave for now though because we are sort
of approaching the point at which it's
you know madness effectively um no I
shouldn't have done that because I mean
first off we freed some spiders but
secondly bombs are still somewhat
precious don't just throw them away for
no reason here let's just go and try to
find some item rooms try not to take
damage and at least you know what that
blood bank gave us a great chance to
reset ourselves on this run like we were
playing pretty badly and now we have
we've taken some time off
and then you know the added benefit of
getting eighty cents out of it as well
as nice but
uh as compared to a normal run I'm very
unconcerned about the concept of boss
rush because of the fact that you know
we're going to be doing several victory
laps so once we get this done assuming
we can do it I mean I know on victory
laps you do lose I was kind of bad you
do lose an item per reroll err maybe you
lose several items per not reroll per
victory lap so nothing is sacred here
obviously we have the chance to lose
some very very useful stuff but I really
feel like if we get the first victory
lap done everything else should come in
time right now we need more keys that's
why I'm laying the groundwork right now
oh yeah you'll have to forgive me this
is the third roguelite I played today
and I really should be speaking Issac
fluently but I'm making some poor
mistakes and for that I apologize my
brain is in like tumble seat mode right
now or something brain playing Isaac you
heard of it get it through your skull
brain that's a sentence that doesn't
really make too much sense I suppose I
mean don't really care about the money
mostly picking it up for the red heart
potential and also the chance that it
could be luck upgrades which are of
course very valuable I'm stunned and
maybe grateful at the fact that we still
as of yet have not gotten the blood bag
we've actually played it like 70 times
and I I would absolutely welcome you to
do that math yourself seventy might be a
slight exaggeration but I don't think is
that much of an exaggeration you know we
gotten over ninety nine cents out of it
never gotten some dimes we've gotten
some nickels and every play gave us two
to three pennies if it didn't give us
any special coins because of swallowed
penny giving us one every single time as
well so I think you buy compost for
seven cents because it's an easy reroll
and then I think you reroll it again and
I'm actually fine with fanny pack
but I want to buy more stuff and we do
the same thing here by moms bottle of
pills use it I actually tried to hit Q
to use it that's a little Flint hook
influence we're going to reroll it I
don't really care about King baby but
without any other options I'm okay with
that
so we have an Omega penny first we got
an ace of clubs which is basically
worthless cool by the omega penny for 15
cents try to double our items none the D
if six is good enough we don't need to
go full on omegap in just reroll it why
buy it just to reroll it hubris i
suppose the idea that maybe we've got
infinite money i think the battery is
worth it drop another bomb in here and
we get Pandora's box Pandora's box on
this floor is not that good but I'll
take the two spirit hearts I'm not going
to be salty about it
and we still got 15 cents backing us up
here you see what's going on is kind of
like madness right
we've spent eight minutes on the first
floor and we're actually statistically
not really that much more powerful than
we were before
I will say it's nice to have fanny pack
working with us so we're going to not
pick up any pennies here if we get red
hearts out of fanny pack then that's
glorious but instead we're going to
re-roll everything in here in two bombs
and then we're going to blow up I mean
there's very little I could have done at
the end of that that bomb exploded
pretty quickly but now we got 12 sad
bombs what a strange situation we find
ourselves in here early having the
ability to get doubled these six rolls
is nice spend a lot of time on the first
floor without getting too much benefit
out of it though I still it the
groundwork that we've laid is going to
be good for us for the future I hope and
I have no reason you know the question
the integrity of this run at this point
it you're going to really going to just
take damage against pain huh I mean I
get that it's small room tin probably
the hardest of all the pins but that's a
little silly take speedball for the
the opportunities that it presents in
the future
and honestly dude sad bombs crushed it
right there we got lucky we beat the
odds by a little bit picked up a
pentagram okay
extremely good we got three HP and we're
going to buy four hearts with a deal so
we're going to take Guppies head we're
going to take betrayal only because
we're gonna take Abaddon right after so
then we'll take Abaddon with us and
we're going to stick with d6 though
because it's a great item we got the
battery charge which synergizes nicely
weather we didn't even go to our other
item room cuz I was so eager to go to
the shop dude that would have been a
colossal mistake or we know we didn't we
opened it but we didn't go thank you the
nation takes us closer to spawn and now
as well as things went on that floor
slow it down just a little bit play
better remember what game you're playing
and remember whose game it is that's
right Nikolas software development Inc
and Edmund McMillen don't get above your
station
NL however we in the end we got a lot of
benefit and it really was just that
four-item deal with the devil did shows
up pretty rarely but is usually good for
at least a little goodness when it does
show up still got enough money to buy
something from the shop if I left the
first floor with 24 cents most of the
time I'd be jazzed dude instead I'm
leaving it with 24 cents sort of like 23
cents but I also spent like 90-something
probably on the last floor so I'm
feeling like we're fairly well equipped
here we don't really care about getting
that money unfortunately we're out of
red hearts now so a temperance card is
unlikely to have the same value that it
used to the loss of swallowed penny is
like borderline irrelevant that's not
necessarily worth it but the loss of
lots of our HP like red hearts makes it
harder but it's still good because you
know we were going to take a baton
regardless now we're at 7 damage which
is better than having a finicky little
blood bank synergy you got to take tech
point five and remember
we're not playing to burn up in the
atmosphere on the chest first off we
have to take the negative because we got
to go to the lam floor and we only need
to remember that the one time but we
might as well do it every time just in
case somehow doing a victory lap causes
us to lose the polaroid I know it takes
items away of random maybe one of those
items could be the negative right so
it's probably in our best interest even
though permanent polaroid invincibility
would be useful if we're going to do a
super long run to try to get this last
achievement why risk it right well the
answer is for the biscuit and I can't
really argue with that because it's very
pithy you know sports broadcasting
terminology so you got a good point
there
dream item growth hormones give us the
spun transformation give us more damage
could use a rate of fire increase
polydactyl is not bad but I think a luck
upgrade the longer a run goes the more I
value a lock upgrade let's leave it at
that
we I don't want to belabor the point of
luck upgrades but if we're going to be
doing like you know 40 floors of issac
I'm stoked to have three luck already
let's just leave it at that shops got to
be around here somewhere there it is we
may actually make it in time for boss
rush we're probably three minutes behind
schedule but we're also stronger than
usual I'm you but stronger I don't think
we need anything else I mean a battery
charge obviously there's times on a
battery charge is the right call in this
time sooner it is it by the way I do
want to say it's the key achievement I
think it's stupid arbitrary challenging
admittedly but challenging for what I
would consider to be the wrong reasons
you know it's a challenge of focus not a
challenge of mechanical skill except for
you know storing a bomb so that you can
bomb a key away first but lose a bomb a
penny away from a door you otherwise
would have had to you know pick it up in
front of but this achievement I'm okay
with you know victory labs are a unique
part of active birth plus
and as much as I've only done them
rarely I accept them as a kind of a
novel concept I say that because it is
novel not just because it's a me
buzzword for once that's lasted for like
far too long in my vernacular but I
don't know if I love the way they do
looping in this game because I don't
think it gets harder except they just
take items away from you and in general
I find that losing items in Isaac is was
my fault but still losing items and
Isaac feels anti-fun to me but I
appreciate that it's a hundred percent
optional you know what give me some
chocolate milk I'm ready
I actually like my dodging cortex
whatever part of the brain handles
dodging and Isaac surely a
neuroscientist knows they've been
studying that stuff since the dawn of
the games launched five years ago six
years ago it's broken today I don't know
why I can't rely on those playing cards
anymore so let's go mom's key got the
mom transformation already I would
expect myriad transformations on this
run here because we're going to be
getting so many items over the course of
it I would also like other items that I
think are worth more on a victory lab
style run anything that generates hearts
so like a relic is awesome I think
mapping because instead of getting eight
floors of mapping or you know however
many floors are left at the time you
pick it up you get 15 floors of mapping
or something well it's not 15 maybe like
you know 60 floors of mapping or
something you have to forgive me it's
the last video of the day but unlike
it's the key I'm actually extremely
confident that barring a game crash and
barring like an order-of-magnitude
terrible run we shouldn't have too many
problems completing this challenge on
the first try in fact I knew there was a
victory lap challenge for the longest
time I just actually thought we had
already done it I think we did two
victory laps but you got to complete
three victory laps and then start the
fourth so we're not going to go to our
arcade just going to keep moving here
again boss Russians is a pipe dream if
we don't make this boss rush I mean I
was gonna say there's more but there
probably won't be more the timer will
still be at like you know 40 minutes or
whatever it is by the time you finish
the first run I think I really expect
the first run by the way take I mean as
you might expect a normal amount of time
within the range of normalcy and then
every subsequent run unless we lose a
critical critical item a critical
item should be much much shorter so if
you got things to do today
hey you and me both buddy like for
example I got three and a half more
Isaac runs to record on this very video
it's kind of I don't want to say it's
bittersweet because I don't believe that
but it's just sweet to be finishing 1
million in 1% assuming that it actually
unlocks here because you know that's the
last Isaac achievement hunt I'll
probably ever have to do although who
knows if like there's an Isaac tool
around the corner or something like that
you gotta grab that and you can't coach
that sports interviews are like the
funniest thing in the world man I know I
understand why by the way sometimes you
see people and they'll let you know you
know what give me a speed upgrade we're
going to have no shortage of items let's
grab that and they go oh man I wish
Ashley it's like gave honest interviews
they're always just saying the same
thing Oh we'd try a hundred and ten
percent blah blah blah but you know
whenever an athlete says something
honest in the media they're crucified
and everyone goes it leads to deplane
sports you know even if it's about
sports because that's what
unsportsmanlike attitude Jim he said he
wasn't happy that his coach poison the
lemonade at their cousin's birthday
party you can't have insubordination
within the team like that Jim a lot of
gyms in the in the football world but
anyway that I still I love sports
interviews because there is actually no
reason for them to exist whatsoever you
know you a bowl or bag your team's down
2-0 at halftime it's marking the eighth
straight game at which the Canucks have
not scored first I would have to say
about that well you know we haven't been
playing our game tonight you know we
haven't been acting like we wanted it
you got to give them credit where credit
is due they've been playing hard they've
been winning the battles in the corners
and you know we've been given up too
much we just we can't make it easy for
this we're just go out there in the 3rd
try to do our best and hopefully we'll
get the result we want thanks Bo all
right you know like every single
interview is summit verbal spaghett and
this is not me insulting bow whore vet
who is you know the hope in
future of the vancouver canucks
franchise every single interview is some
combination of like if you're winning
you're like we have played our game you
know we got the right bounces if you're
losing we're letting them play their
game it pucks on going our way you know
I watched football for a long time for
like five or six years it was the same
thing there most of the time although
with the weirdly like more like
adversarial spin on it sometimes I'm
fine with moms wig here by the way let's
get the heck out of this floor
maybe boss rush champ still exists for
us let's try to add to that chance by
making some plays here that look um and
you might say that's stupid but I get it
you know you're you know 19 20 years old
getting paid to play paid far too much
money and that's not me insulting them
because who among us wouldn't take the
same deal but getting paid far more
money than you deserve most of the time
to play a game and that's awesome
why in the world would you ever
jeopardize it by trying to say something
honest during an interview that could
get you into hot water you know might
end up being blacklisted or something
like that so yeah I'll go up in front of
Cassie Campbell and I'll say Cassie
Campbell is like Canadian sports
broadcaster and I'll say you know we
gave it a hundred and ten percent but
you know they just wanted it more well
did player would never say that because
they would again be crucified you get
the idea
just give me my six million dollar bonus
and adults say whatever you want me to
say in terms of that I'm not going to
get up there and you know put myself at
risk but at the same time I a lot of
stuff I would say six million dollars a
year and you know a gold suite in Rogers
Arena I mean I'm just saying they got
the smoked meat sandwiches in there that
make the make me think the wrong things
anyway this was a bit that I thought had
a lot more potential and I realized that
had been done to death by smarter people
than myself so I decided to kind of bail
out of it but I didn't fully bail I did
like a tuck and roll and it wasn't as
gentle if I think you know the thing is
gonna be a long episode here so some of
the bits are going to work and some of
the bits are
we are probably going to make boss rush
now now
the question now becomes do I want to
impose boss rush on myself there's the
negative and the answer is no and the
answer is still no and the answer is
still no and you might be saying a wafer
you might even be saying varicose veins
because on a future pass you might get
dull razor but we don't really want the
razor you might have been saying
piercing shots and the thing is you're
all right on a normal run and I don't
mean you're all right because you're if
you're watching this episode
2950 one of the binding of issac human
glory or my girl you know please don't
bring this up if we ever happen to meet
each other in public but it'll be very
awkward for me and by extension both of
us probably but this ain't a normal run
this is a rerun some irony in there I
suppose but it's going to take us a long
time I don't want to add six minutes to
this run unless the item is very good I
don't think the wafer was going to save
us six minutes and I don't think we're
at risk of death at least not as the run
goes right now
similarly piercing shots are lovely but
do they give us enough benefit to
justify having to do boss rush if
anything like I know this sounds rich
considering how much I prioritize boss
rush on a lot of situations but if
anything boss rush puts us in jeopardy
in that situation because right now our
HP is great with dark bum six luck and
bloody penny we're not really hurtin for
spirit arts either so I'm not going to
sweat this too much pretty much the only
thing I would have done boss rush for is
like a top-tier offensive item and I
don't think as much as I like
Sagittarius I don't think it's a top to
your offensive item it's up there it's
pretty good
top tier I don't know anyway similarly
except slightly different there's no way
we're going to do hush
that's just it's madness I will go back
and pick up good bomb caches like this
because I mean straight up we got sad
bombs and we got good bomb damage so I
think you know I'm not in a position to
be making enemies there and against our
bosses I pretty much expect a bomb to do
a lot of our work for us here so right
now I mean the run is great
the real intrigue on this run is going
to be seeing what we lose and then to be
honest with you if we don't lose
something that's catastrophic ly bad and
I don't even know if we have an item
that's catastrophic we bad to lose at
this point but maybe dark bomb would be
the worst because it is like
single-handedly holding up our defense
but if we don't lose something terrible
then the next bit of like why is this
video fun to watch is going to be how
fast can we beat the next victory lap
and see if we lose something down there
because honestly nothing is stopping us
on this one I'm still trying to get this
I mean it sounds terrible to say I'm
trying to get this euthanasia chain off
here if I don't think it's terrible to
say without getting too political but
like at least there's nothing about a
euthanasia chain that makes it
substantially worse than the first
euthanasia if you believe the first
euthanasia was in ethical I guess I mean
it sends it bad optically if you're like
come down to the hospital for
euthanasias today but despite the poor
marketing they definitely use like a
communications major over at that at
that hospital I wouldn't dispute that
it's better than paid euthanasia isn't
it maybe maybe this is a road we don't
want to go down but I I am not the kind
of person who deliberately says
controversial things and then goes you
know oh I'm sorry if you got offended
you know but I do resist the notion that
saying the name of a controversial topic
is like a little too soon back off like
I feel like I can say the word abortion
without being controversial it's
the word now if I said another word in
front of that like culinary that would
change the context it would be fine if I
said another word like delicious
there better be the word culinary in
front of it or we're going to have some
problems you know that's going to start
to alienate people which is why you know
I don't try to be first stop there's a
couple of reasons I don't talk politics
in videos one of them is that I don't
know anything the other one is that I
want these videos to be inclusive you
know I understand my lot in life is not
being a political scientist if anything
when people ask me about my political
beliefs I say you should ask someone
smart in the arena of politics about
their political beliefs because I'm I'm
a sheep I'm as susceptible to propaganda
or you know simple-minded politics as
anybody else
I mean we have we have an election
coming up in British Columbia without
revealing too much I was like I don't
know long in a vote for is my first
actual election where I've lived in
British Columbia except for the last one
which I was just I did can't really
clean ignorance I was just unaware of it
when it happened and I was like I have
no history with any of these politicians
I don't know who I'm going to vote for
or who I'm going to vote against for
that matter and then I took like a
political compass quiz for the region
and it put me dead center between two of
the candidates and I was like I still
don't know who I'm gonna vote for so
like I'm I'm dealing with that myself
you know I I know what my political
ideals are but you know sometimes on a
local level I'm not going to say that
those become compromised because that's
not what I mean but you know you think
about different things than you might on
a federal level but this is irrelevant
okay I almost went in the wrong
direction there and that's where we got
to consider that we could ruin this
whole video or make it beautiful
depending on your perspective why do you
watch Northern Line Oh for the highly
generalized musings on provincial
politics in Canada like on the one hand
people don't like our current Premier
but on the other
and some people do it's a complicated
issue dude that's the thing about
politics I'm like why can't there just
be someone that everyone hates that'll
make politics so much easier if there
was a guy with like ninety nine percent
approval rating running against a guy
with a 1 percent approval rating doesn't
have to be a guy either you know I'm
like I'm just throwing out a generalized
pronoun here but the point is I always
make it so hard it's always like 51 to
49 and then you're like well I do love
the root for the underdog it's I'll
probably just go for whatever Party of a
color I like the most anyway that's a
joke you should be an informed voter I
may be I'm like a genuine undecided
voter in the provincial election right
now but I am at least a little informed
now unfortunately I've done nothing with
that information which party is going to
give me a free house in the neighborhood
I desire nobody all right call me in
2021 then okay should not have walked
into that but I mean we're actually
going to finish our first run within
like 35 minutes it's really good timing
and as good as it is it's not that
amazing like we've got really really
well well balanced defense and offense
right now ten damage is obviously good
but it's not like we're just walking
into a room and everything's dying
instantly this could be our guppy dream
by the way that's what I'm hoping for
or we could just get four chests that
are full of bombs I suppose is the other
alternative so I think that there's room
to grow on this run it's just this is a
run that is like is a swimming pool like
it's all the same level that's a weird
idiom because a lot of swimming pools
have like a deep end and a shallow end
but imagine it as a swimming pool that
was all the deep end you know what I
think you take obsessed fan and the
reason you do it is because again we got
a long-term focus right now so we're
trying to get to transformations like
the elves
I would like to be able to fly egged
great item conehead it's not egghead it
just kind of looks like an egghead six
luck means wow this was fast
six luck means we should be able to get
a lot of chests down here but if we find
the boss this quickly I would really
rather fight the boss then you know
worry about something a little bit more
randomly generated like do we have more
items down here plus again should be no
shortage items on this run to begin with
he pushed my bomb away
trying to throw like if you're not going
to use sad bombs here what are you gonna
use sad bombs for dude like if we get
8-inch nails there for a second that was
weird
yes I would like to do a victory lap all
right so when I'm victory lap number two
here we're still in a grave spot and now
oh no it does reset the timer so we'll
totally be in a good spot I would
suggest to maybe do boss rush on this
one and the more strong we get usually
people use the word stronger for that
but I'm above that the stronger we get
the more likely we'll do boss rush
because it's less of an investment you
know we can do it faster get more
rewards for doing it so from a long-term
standpoint I would like to replace the
d6 with very few items but one of them
is a void that has sucked up the d6 in
the process nuns have it absolutely you
know what I think we should convert here
a little early like that looks fine to
me early steam sale also good and then
we'll just buy one of these you know we
could donate little maybe the donation
machine resets run to run but I did that
because I think it pays dividends for us
long term Cuba meets nice to have as
well and we're kind of steam rolling so
this is beautiful but yeah I mean
converting the HP might be something
that you look at and go what the heck is
he doing
they might even go oh no baby what is
you doing and the answer to that
question is I'm doing what I think is
right because I want to get cheap deals
with the devil and HP that's really good
is normally not that difficult to obtain
so the piercing shop pickup is
remarkable
we are really happy I would say at this
point we didn't go to boss rush in order
to grab it the next big thing that
really ties this whole run together is
the ability to fly I will also say I
have no idea what item we lost but our
damage still seems glorious so I ain't
sweating it if that's a full run reroll
you have to do it it's just like it's
written in the code when your run is
stacked thou shalt always reroll or thou
is a little baby now is I don't know
speaking of which where did demon baby
come from I losing my mind and my
wishing somebody would tell me I'm fine
is this my last resort okay so you know
there is a little HP left in that room
that's all right dark bomb came through
in the clutch
we haven't had small rock yet so oh we
can't fly that's right we can place
bombs but you know it's kind of a lie is
a little unnecessary to get my drift
beans nobody cares restock that's a huge
one try it card just for just for the
kicks no battery charge bums me out a
little bit but we do have a per throw
room so I mean I'd like to keep the
Pearl room in case we get a deal with
the devil that we don't have a reroll
for we can just generate a reroll out
here might as well just test it okay we
got another battery but we might as well
just do this right now
we should have taken the battery charge
admittedly
well easiest reroll of my life I wonder
if we didn't I wonder if we lost the
pentagram and then that gave me the
pentagram if that's the case lucky us
honestly we will open that I'd rather
reroll black-bean regardless though and
mom's eye is like not good but it's not
bad and there are synergies that do
something with it so you know be happy
about that we still had perthro I guess
you could a / throwed mom's eye we
already have the mom transformation and
the Mon transformation is meaningless
anyway but you get the idea Gavi please
this is excellent
so you definitely I mean if we're going
to take for spirit arts well we're only
going to take three spirit arts with the
items right now you definitely want this
and you definitely want this and you
don't win Leviathan is the ability to
fly which is nice
you don't win by not taking that item
first simply because we weren't going to
take more than we had asked for anyway I
will take a second demon baby but it's
basically irrelevant I might be wrong
there but I actually don't think I
screwed the order up I don't think you
get a benefit 100% of the time from
taking the cheaper item first and then
taking the more expensive item because
that time we were going to spend three
no matter what and we had four hard
containers so you know there's no we're
not getting grandfathered into any sweet
you know low APR financing deals they're
going to keep bloody penny for now I
mean bloody penny with seven luck and
dark bomb is a pretty potent combination
it seems you got a ticket macaque here
it makes flies and spiders do way more
damage and it will kill everything
instantly so I don't think there's too
much of an argument when it comes to
this one it will hurt us on occasion but
it'll also kill like almost every boss
instantly so if we could get immunity to
some explosions that would be nice or
immunity to all explosions which i think
is the only way the only variety that
that item comes in so even better it
also probably makes sad bombs worse but
our damage is fifty two point zero two
so not sweating too much pay-to-play
there's options
sack of sacks you get an active item or
an item you don't want you just throw in
a reroll logo bombs mama mega see you
later starter deck now that's an item
grab a little re-roll there re-roll it
whether you get joker re-roll champion
belts lovely item boomerangs not a good
item okay you know what I will buy you
to get you out of the rotation thanks
for the spirit hearts didn't mean to use
it okay but like thanks for the spirit
eyes but see that the problem is here do
that okay humbling bundle it's a great
item you know what I'll take the five
bombs thank you for your service and
they'll grab this and I'll reroll get
nivel that's a free reroll in and of
itself weary roll again you get a little
trinket smelting action going on so you
smelt which means in my world that you
dealt and we also take mom's key I think
we get the heck out of here
right we've already been to that deal
with the devil honestly that worked out
really really well could keep buying
cards this is magic mush so so who cares
oh right careful about that one it was
not magic mush also I'm gonna start to
leave some things behind and you have
basically nothing to worry about there
whenever we want HP we can almost create
it out of thin air since oil is spun
which is the emperor card which is our
ticket out of boss rush with a free item
or honestly maybe we do want to skip
some floors or if we can get blank card
we could start to think about putting
the world's fastest rerun run on the
books especially considering we have
restock it doesn't and batteries for
that matter doesn't seem that much of a
tall order
but we got to make it happen first the
run is now like very quickly gone from
somewhat powerful to outrageously
powerful so actually I mean we're not
taking soy milk it's in a different life
no problem
here I'll just chocolate milk it saved
our rate of fire that is a new era of
greatness for us it actually made our
rate of fire better to take chocolate
milk monstros long so sucks pretty bad
if you're an enemy who didn't like
getting exploded but really nice for us
we pay to play we actually borderline
don't need keys anymore because
remembered where we go and the answer is
the mind is so good the answer is we're
not going to the chests we're going to
the I don't know why I keep truncating
my sentences my brains running out of
glycogen or something but we're going to
the lamb fight which we did last time so
let's keep that going dude three santero
cloth okay thanks for asking there was a
BFF in there which I should have
considered take some money I don't want
to explode you too much epic antics add
bombs you run the risk I mean I'll take
a three cent broken modem okay I'll take
a three cent sack head it's a pretty
easy decision I'll take a three cent
black candles you know what I'm here for
though the diplopia I mean sure doubles
everything what do you get out of this -
a spade then we have 99 keys that's
great
we already have the battery unless we
lost it we don't take fanny pack I guess
PhD is actually bad dull razor we don't
really need blue map do we more options
still re-rolling like potentially useful
stuff here
we got a at some point though I think we
have to turn off and I don't really have
a big min/max boner but we got to turn
it off regardless because there's no
need for us to min/max on a run that
doesn't get harder as we go along you
know and that's again that's kind of
like the reason I don't find it that
compelling to do rerolls to begin with
so it's really just like check out how
strong this run can get you know given
like no possible checks for the amount
of time put in give it look how powerful
a run can get so I am NOT against it no
like if you do that screw you but not
really my my cup of tea we will take the
mark we roll that we'll take a baton
again which has given us a damage
upgrade against all odds and then we'll
reroll both of these and I guess we'll
take torn photo for a deer's upgrade
it's actually like a pretty sizable
tears upgrade pardon me so I think I'm
going to enact go-fast protocol I think
we have Jacob's Ladder from whatever our
buddy in a box pickup was yeah I'm going
to enact go-fast principle protocol
whatever because there's more bombs
aeneas there's no reason not to accept
to literally get like every item in the
game but if you've got unlimited
anything it loses a little bit of its
luster I find you know because it's not
you're not restrained by anything I will
take stopwatch I will take polka girl is
good I don't need the map I don't need
the compass I don't need the ace of
clubs but I'll you know do that because
we have sad bombs so is I mean come on
in sad bombs dude like you got something
in sad bombs you got something against
America
we also could bomb our way through every
room but the worst thing you could ever
say about the rerun challenge is that
it's a little boring and that is not a
cardinal sin the it's the key challenge
was not boring it was extremely tense
but still in my opinion sort of bad not
that I've been holding a grudge for it
forever or anything as you can tell why
not
poor Babylon didn't give us a static
break because we already had Whore of
Babylon the other thing taking a little
bit of a wind out of my sails right here
I guess you should not really have any
good excuse not to take a theme
especially because we're getting hit all
the time kind of by design this rhyme is
what I designed to explain in due time
now this is important still take the
negative because even though permanent
polaroid invincibility is good it's also
irrelevant for us because every enemy is
going to die in like a single salvo of
these bombs so like don't worry about
that at all what what did I do to bleep
any it's been taken away from me I did
it to myself I'm sure but where did it
go
continuum seems horrible right now but
yeah i'm also i would take blank card
and maybe you can make a case for the
shovel accomplishing something similar
but oh my god there's blank card i was
just talking about you and the reason
I'll take blank card is probably obvious
but it allows us to very very quickly go
down floors especially with battery
charge is active here so we've got to be
careful about using it on areas that
have like differential bosses I guess we
could just walk out oh no way I don't
even know if that matters that I'll
disregard what I just said
scratch it from the books probably
should stop taking one damage per room
but
like a lot of potential HP game here and
please just anything that negates
explosive damage oh you know what we
drink it's melted bloody penny so
there's less to fear yeah it's you know
been right inside of us the whole time
just like a bad children's movie from
the 1990s like the neverending story - I
mean the neverending story one is great
and I love the neverending story - as a
kid but it's just it's a little bit of a
rehash cool imagery but it's a little
you know a little bit of a rehash I
would look they didn't come here to talk
about neverending story though what we
got um nothing we really want and we no
longer have rerolls however we might as
well take something so give me some
juicy sack action go down the next floor
we might as well just pop the emperor
card right away
we sincerely are killing everything
immediately it's nice so void is
something that we've more or less
requested and it's kind of free but
we're also going to teleport with the
Emperor every time we use it so as much
as that makes me the world's ultimate
baby I understand that I stand by this
is our right decision here so we're just
going to this is going to seem like a
bit of a weird call maybe but because
there's a method to the madness I
promise well we don't want Wheel of
Fortune really so give me per throw
instead judge Emperor per throw that's
what we wanted to want to get pop pop
grab this nothing there blank art
Emperor fight it lives go to Sheol very
important to go to Sheol after this
point dude I'm just we still have dark
bomb could you just hook me up with we
can't quite oh we could why not
yeah empty vessel is actually great here
other item not so much but go to show
you don't that's where we're going to
break the chain if we can't remember to
go to Sheol we're in trouble
literally we hurt ourselves once or go
to one room and we're good to go on the
teleportation front battery charges not
to mention getting infinite battery
charges suppose that's an important part
to mention we are taking damage now
though I can't play it off any longer as
if we're never getting hit
as much as I hate to admit it we have to
be careful it's not that easy when you
shoot out a hundred shots every two
seconds here that are extremely annoying
and also explode read to myself all we
need is more heart space with Goffe
would also be fine
and I don't mean like more hearts like
we need HP we really just need spirit
hearts to drop or otherwise be created
which obviously we've got a high
percentage chance to happen yes I would
like to do a victory lap so that's
victory lap one complete we got to do
three
we're on victory lap two as you can see
by the flag there runs I mean still
looks good we did lose blank card though
which is not enormous that's really just
annoying I think we also lost mom's eye
which is honestly close to merciful
because that was causing problems stick
with judgment Emperor I again you'll
forgive me but the run is good enough
that I'm kind of like I'm not going to
treat every run as if it's a lady slut
mom sighing I'm not going to treat every
run as if it's a run you know like as if
everything that we do on the run matters
because at least as of right now that's
disingenuous not everything we do on
each run matters we're going to per
throw this will take Poquette go even
though we might already have it I'm
assuming there's a chance for them to
stack and we'll take sack of stacks we
still have restock okay and we'll take
more options which you might have
already had and we'll take the candle
which we don't have an item that
replaces it right now and we'll take the
Bible and we'll take a ladder and we'll
take ventricle raiser and you got it
we're going to take the red candle deck
of cards of course and there's Sackboy
again hello darkness my old friend I
think we don't need the candle let's be
real so as much as we probably are never
going to use it appropriately to Emperor
cards that's what I like to see why not
take ventricle razor we also lost the
mind clearly because we have no idea
where we're going
you're the one who's lost gobby gala
lost his mind
up in here up in here listo we lost BFF
- but we do still have dark bums so
that's solid so what's the point of
ventricle raiser put quite simply look I
don't even want these consumables like
we've reached the point where the sacks
give me so many consumables I'm not
interested in them anymore
we're bomber boy no that was just a
weird pattern Ares actually fine I think
the idea for me here is you know maybe
the idea is just spawn the occasional
spider now that I think about it because
it seems like that's working out just
fine missing page - my shadow both of
these are not particularly good however
neither of them is heinous and neither
of them really cost us too much in the
HP side of things now chaos it might
seem like it's like the fun item but it
really just does not matter so I'm not
actually like I know what we're
approaching peak boredom here apparently
like the longer a run gets on them the
more boring I get but with 50 something
damage unless there's a compelling
reason not to do it on a room I think
I'm just going to let tech X do the work
for me like tech X is capable quite
easily of killing all these enemies
including the bosses and in doing so
like very quickly as well
there's guppy unless we've lost copy
items we have not so we're actually like
out of control now up in here up in here
I thinking right now as we keep going to
shops and why not if the shops have
blank cards
amazing if they don't also completely
fine we can we can still go floor to
floor if we have to nothing about that
really bothers me
and honestly with tech X there's like
even more reason to only use tech X ie
with guppy there's even more reason to
use tech X because we really are only
sad about tech X when it takes a while
for tech X to shoot which is not the
case right now you know what I went in
the wrong direction pop our emperor card
and get the heck out of Dodge here
it never ends
just like we pick up one consumable and
we get a thousand consumables out of it
don't let me don't let my demeanor I
should say lead you to believe that I'm
not having fun with this run but I do
think that this is a run that is more
fun in concept than it is in actuality
although I'm having fun we are going to
win and that is like basically
guaranteed at this point I kind of wish
they would just give me the win at this
point will be again you run looks strong
enough you're probably good to go here
but there's still one way for us to
completely screw it up so it's not
really honest I guess to take that up
why not dude we're going to commit to
the madness here there's one way we mess
it up and that's by not going down to
the proper floor which as of right now
is fine or easy to do but could change
Emperor Empress Empress you do reach a
point I wonder if this is what it's like
to have like unlimited wealth
there's nothing we can do with it at
some point I mean it's a very cynical Oh
got it
give this back please the very cynical
approach to take because there is stuff
you can do with it you can give it to
other people who need it you know but we
can't give this run to other people who
need it why don't we get holding tears
there there is the occasional time where
it seems to make sense to shoot your
tears and I think that's pretty much 100
percent just is this the right time for
you to use what's it called mob the void
is that the right situation for you
right now cause like we've actually just
got too much stuff yeah hey waz bacana
I don't need Meccano get out of here I
can't even see anything cuz if somebody
consumables on the dank ground dude
judgment no I don't care it was as good
though a was I'm okay with
take this take this don't need that
could be a waste anything extremely
valuable crystal ball technology Steven
really cool I mean I said the relic
would be amazing and I think it would be
but I'm starting to run out of patience
on this run what floor do you want to
skip why not this one just hear me out
33 percent deal with the devil chance no
real consequence to skipping it just
make sure you go down to the right floor
this time by the way if I want to
preserve the streak I'm not sure about
this
but I think I will need to win the
fourth run because it says you just have
to start the fourth run to get the
achievement and I respect that
but in order to win the fourth run I'm
sure we got it all right in order to
keep our Street going I'm sure we got to
win the fourth run so we'll maybe
endeavor to do that I'd rather just keep
our Street going with an achievement
thrown into the middle just for fun as
opposed to trying to win you know
another eight runs in a row that's going
to take a little longer than what we've
been working on right here so we've
still got this run and then the next run
and then the next run did you have to
take away blank card you know I'm giving
you more than you asked for game and
you're going to come here and take away
my blank card you know what we could do
I hadn't even considered if we're really
feeling frisky we could go for some
sacrifice room plays it seems like a
horrible idea which is why I think I
kind of like it you got to deal with
that we'll make sure you go down here we
definitely want this we don't care about
the other item this run is going to be
like less than 10 minutes long probably
so we're getting to the point where it's
pretty fast but we're also approaching
the point of like complete absurdity
you know that the run is so powerful I'm
using like a fraction of my damage
output because of the risk that it poses
to me and it's just absolutely crapping
on enemies like there's no recourse for
them whatsoever they just die as soon as
I enter the room I got to admit with our
tech ex strategy one spirit heart lasts
a long time
things were looking like I wouldn't say
bad things are looking a little weird
for a while we're lucky to have pulled
it back I'll be okay I don't care I
don't care about the consumables too
many consumables you know you know I'm
consider myself an Isaac artist you know
worse way to deal with an artist
probably is you give them blank canvas
and say paint anything you know you got
a restrictions breed creativity we're
not in weird unlimited power you know
it's prequel means let me out of sholde
we can actually use Tami's head every
room without too much risk the trick is
you got to stand like in the center of
the room and do it and then everything
is going to die I don't know dude it's
like I actually get what's the opposite
of tunnel vision normal vision that's
not really the term I'm looking for but
I get normal vision when there's so many
consumables on the screen like literally
just cannot focus on any of them please
let me out
[Music]
I don't want to do in this room I'd just
so much stuff going on I didn't even
know this was a challenge room when I
walked in you know we need is like a
million de gAHS rooms some of our
familiars like from Polk eggo are being
charms or like affected at least by
broken modem I don't even know what the
consequences of that our long-term but
probably nothing to be fair the dead
ends it seems like there's too many dead
ends it's like is the floor constructed
properly there's too many dead ends
every card I pick up
I'm foolishly thinking there's a small
chance that it might be Emperor it
hasn't happened yet
at least not recently but I've also
stopped picking up many of the cards so
what in the world happened there we also
have some of the best Pokemon working
out for us here like the brimstone
Pokemon are first off the worst name for
a gang of all time but secondly doing
good work for us like if any enemy gets
caught in their spell they're done for
buddy
okay curse of Darkness go go Oh another
guppy items if they take a guppy item
away from us we shouldn't lose our gobby
transformation we shouldn't lose it
anyway but we might have
knowing that this is a dead end and why
not do should maybe seek to move around
here at this point I'm not joking with
you you gave me a shovel I'm out of here
as fast as I can go
these are hunts there's something novel
about beating you know the lam 0.2
seconds or something like that but it
loses a little bit of its luster when
you got to do it so many times in a row
I know you sure give me the Rosary who
cares dude what did I even get there
charmed one judgment card is that what I
picked up that made that sound it's also
when curse of darkness
I actually sometimes I'm like I'm not
even sure if we're done with the room
because there's are you a friend or a
foe that being said fun run and it in
that's true like it isn't a nun fun run
if it ended it like a normal time and at
least you only got to do it once unless
you mess it up somehow tac-x okay how's
this gonna work it's the first like
transformative item we've picked up in a
hundred years I am assuming very good as
always seems like it's doing great work
you know what it gives us a severe
damage downgrade however it means we can
actually shoot our tears so overall it's
probably like substantially better for
us yes I would like to do a victory lap
okay what did we lose no Tammy so we
didn't lose Tammy's head okay so that's
fine
but what happened I did see that when we
came back we were the lost is that a
mechanic I've never seen because I've
never gone for the third reroll if so
you got me straight up you going for the
troll you got me
hundred percent I'm told uh just proves
I'm trouble
you got me at the same time I'm running
it through my head did I click her
somehow
into the lost without a holy man to look
like I don't understand what happened
but I do understand that we're gonna
have to do this again so for now thanks
for watching hope you enjoyed the run if
you did click the like button now set a
great deal I guess I have to do this
again for now thanks for watching and
I'll see you next time